Doc: Artifacts Deletion (#1456)
Enalean/tuleap-documentation-en: languages/en/administration-guide/application-management/plugins/trackers.rst

``$sys_logger_level = 'debug';`` in ``/etc/tuleap/conf/local.inc``. Do not forget to change
it back if you don't want to be flooded.

.. _deletion_artifacts:

Deletion artifacts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This feature is here to protect you from a mass deletion of artifacts.

Reviewer: nitpick: Which feature are you talking about?

It sounds like: "deleting artifacts IS a way to protect you from a mass deletion of artifacts", which is wrong.

What do you think about documenting the feature in itself first, so site-administrators can understand what the limit they can set does. (e.g: users can delete artifacts from the REST api AND from the administration of trackers), then explaining that a limit needs to be configured in order to prevent a potentially malicious mass deletion?

> To set up this limit of artifacts deletion. You need to be the site administrator. If you're not contact him.

Reviewer: suggestion: This sentence can be dropped if you says "go to site administration > Plugins > Trackers > Artifacts deletion tab" beforehand (see next comment)

> To change the value of artifacts deletion, you need to go to your tracker administration and go to the menu artifacts deletion.

Reviewer: suggestion:

> go to your tracker administration and go to the menu artifacts deletion

This is confusing.

The "tracker administration" is where you configure a given tracker with all its fields/semantics/workflows etc.

What do you think about something like "go to site administration > Plugins > Trackers > Artifacts deletion tab"?

> Here you can set the limit of artifacts deletion for 24 hours. So choose **wisely** your limit of artifacts deletion.

Reviewer: suggestion:

We need to be more precise to avoid confusion (the limit applies to each user individually):

1. It is possible for users to delete artifacts only if the limit has a value > 0
3. This limit allows each user to delete up to X artifacts **on a sliding window of 24h**
4. If they reach the limit, they'll have to wait some time to be able to delete artifacts again.

> You can set your limit to 0 or more. The value 0 his here to disable the deletion of artifacts. The default value is set to 0.

Reviewer: suggestion: Add a paragraph on the "Archive deleted items" that is mentioned in a warning on the UI.

``$sys_logger_level = 'debug';`` in ``/etc/tuleap/conf/local.inc``. Do not forget to change
it back if you don't want to be flooded.

.. _deletion_artifacts:

Artifacts deletion
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Users can delete them in two different ways, from the :ref:`REST API<rest_api>` or from the administration of trackers.
Deleting these artifacts should be done with caution as this action is typically irreversible and can lead to loss of important information.

> The limit prevents users to delete a certain amount of artifacts on a sliding window of 24 hours. He can be 0 or he can be more.

Reviewer: Remove "He can be 0 or he can be more."

It is not grammatically correct, and you explain how to configure it a couple of paragraphs below.

```suggestion
The limit prevents users to delete a certain amount of artifacts on a sliding window of 24 hours.
```

``$sys_logger_level = 'debug';`` in ``/etc/tuleap/conf/local.inc``. Do not forget to change
it back if you don't want to be flooded.

.. _deletion_artifacts:

> Deletion artifacts

Reviewer: suggestion: Artifacts deletion

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Artifacts in Tuleap can represent various work items such as tasks, bugs, user stories, feature requests, and other project elements.

> Each artifact contains valuable data, including descriptions, status, comments, attachments, and links to other artifacts.

Reviewer: nitpick: It feels like it is not really relevant to describe what artifacts are. If someone needs to delete them, he normally already knows what it is.

Users can delete them in two different ways, from the :ref:`REST API<rest_api>` or from the administration of trackers.
Deleting these artifacts should be done with caution as this action is typically irreversible and can lead to loss of important information.

> The limit is here to help you to decide how much artifact you can delete for a day. He can be 0 or he can be more.

Reviewer: Suggestion: Rephrase this sentence. The limit does not help anyone decide anything.

The limit prevents users to delete more than a certain amount of artifacts on a sliding window of 24h, nothing more, nothing less.

The fact that we put a limit is here to prevent a potentially malicious mass deletion.

> To set up this limit of artifacts deletion. You need to be the site administrator. If you're not contact him.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

```suggestion
To set up this limit of artifacts deletion. You need to be the site administrator.
```

We are in the administration guide, the person reading this is probably already the site administrator.

> To change the value of artifacts deletion, go to your site administration then to your Plugins, next in your Trackers, and finally to your Artifacts deletion tab.

Reviewer: nitpick: Keep it concise.

```suggestion
The configuration of this limit is done in site administration > Plugins > Trackers > Artifacts Deletion.
```

This limitation is set for each user individually.
Firstly, it's possible for a user to delete artifacts only if the limit has a value more than 0.
Secondly, this limit allows each user to delete up to X artifacts **on a sliding wondow of 24 hours**.
Finally, if they reach the limit, they will have to wait some time to be able to delete artifacts again.

As mentioned on artifacts deletion page, the artifacts who have been deleted will be exported to a temporary file.

> They will be purged automatically accordingly to the settings of the machine on which the server is running.

Reviewer: suggestion: Talk about the Archive deleted items plugin. Here you are almost paraphrasing what's written on the UI. Explain what's expected when the plugin is enabled and configured properly.
